well that's all over today 23
that is, yesterday 22 after all was the wind we
not jumped today I called in the morning and
they then called me themselves said yes
are coming
9 I drove all gathered small
instruction began to wear yellow
overalls
helmet walkie talkie in it is in fact a parachute all
so tight squeeze at all the problem in
tom it was still that when I jumped so
scary between the legs brought sting that is not
knew i didn't know where to put myself i
clutching at these holding straps there
just trying them hanging and not sitting and
job nicks with a parachute in general how everything was
boarded the plane for 4 people
I jump the second aircraft an-2 gave
certificate excitement was present
but more excitement started when everything
the door opens yes this signal
sonic about jumping first
man flew
i'm frozen heart this breath
rapid pulse
we were told correctly where to look for
that grabbing a pose is really not
looked down only on the plane like
flew saw his house there his area
the school looked together well because
that there would be problems not to jump and everything
gone ready doin leap immediately wind in
face at all in the body and you have to jump on
exhale
exhale jump must exhale
exhaled and I jumped and still it's all
I flew back immediately power flow
air venta
and so it begins to hang out
feelings in the abdomen below compressed here about
trains fail like this
feeling tantamount to stomach all clenched
it will be a second probably this free
full of free fall god jerked
the parachute opened it quickly no
there was no twist was original
worked out all the time this version took
for two straps
none counted there three seconds as we
trained 501 523 it's all about it
think at least for the first time
probably in the second because the feeling
shrinks inside the coincidence did
delivered strap and managers and all
I look flying a little wrong side
the instructor began to fly into the radio
of course he said it helped that how but the noise
it was hard to distinguish some words
and all he does is he wraps
right left
from under taxis here
went in principle well everything went well
returned but the problem is not
so terribly sick I thought there was no face
caused so much so that his
the loss is now the land need feet together
so as not to break i can't them
I'm up to
Anime Bani is such as that of the senses but not
less than 3 mm of course there this tube
the vibration worried but still up
put the legs together landed in
principle gently there were no
hard falls and blows of words sat down like
nothing with you rarity all looked like
others land the error of course was
in the fact that I became early all-all 4 we
jumped all made such a mistake in 10
meters to the ground, you must let the dome
To get Tom to slow down already for
a couple of meters 34 meters of land and we all
used to become slower
the landing was even softer there twice
kick become how to do go for real
business as it is very well, things quickly that the
not that lacks feelings of some emotions
until 30 he was fear of big score
just because of fear adrenaline something
airplane jump this whole bullshit
plane owner is not afraid to fly
there was almost no opinion on the plane
lifting fun too so fails
there is only one abyss in you
cool moment is when jumped from
parachute and here it is second
drop some split second was when
there was something something and then
just hang out on the swing and watch me
on the sides there is a house there the car went
there is a cow standing about nothing if
work out gave skydiving then
how many don't know there a few minutes
minutes of free fall there you do
first round it is probably this thing they
they took some pictures there
several videos so i will attach
probably this video materials too
somehow united unite so all
gentlemen maybe jump again when
but for now, here's a bright desire
tomorrow to regret next week no
seems to me unnecessarily expensive and
clear instructor airplane gasoline sleep
all this is expensive for the bucket
feeling specifically i'm saying that is not
worth this feeling this money is not worth
Thanks, see you